2016/donor/ebrd.md, before:

---
permalink: 2016/donor/ebrd/index.html
slug: ebrd
short_name: EBRD
---

The EBRD is a multilateral development bank, which aims to promote transition in the countries where it operates, namely in Central and Eastern Europe, Central Asia and the Southern and Eastern Mediterranean. The Bank is accountable to its shareholders, which include countries from both the region and the rest of the world, plus the EU and the EIB.

#### ANALYSIS

##### Achievements and progress

 * The EBRD is placed in the ‘fair’ category for the first time, two places behind the EIB and graduating from ‘poor’ in the 2014 Index.
 * The EBRD publishes quarterly to the IATI Registry and has published six new indicators since the 2015 EU Aid Transparency Review including audit information, disbursements and expenditure and tied aid status.

##### Challenges and room for improvement

 * In total, twelve activity-level indicators and four organisation-level indicators are not published to the IATI Registry. This includes important information such as all activity-related documents and performance information.
 * The EBRD does not publish a complete organisation file in the IATI Standard and no budgets are published to the Registry.
 * Information on allocation policies, country strategies, objectives, tenders and budgets are published but not in the IATI Standard while at the activity-level sub-national locations, evaluations, contracts, results and impact appraisals are not consistently published. MOUs, budget documents and conditions are not published at all.

#### RECOMMENDATIONS

 * The EBRD should aim to publish to the IATI Registry on a monthly basis. It should publish a complete organisation file to the IATI Registry that includes a total budget, disaggregated budgets and country strategies.
 * The EBRD should improve the quality of its publication to the IATI Registry so that it is comprehensive and includes conditions in particular and makes results, evaluations and impact appraisals consistently available.
 * It should improve data accessibility by allowing for bulk export of the data on its portal under an open licence. It should work with other DFIs to share best practice and improve publication.

Commit message:

Add full names to donor frontmatter

2016/donor/ebrd.md, after:

---
permalink: 2016/donor/ebrd/index.html
slug: ebrd
short_name: EBRD
full_name: European Bank for Reconstruction and Development
---

The EBRD is a multilateral development bank, which aims to promote transition in the countries where it operates, namely in Central and Eastern Europe, Central Asia and the Southern and Eastern Mediterranean. The Bank is accountable to its shareholders, which include countries from both the region and the rest of the world, plus the EU and the EIB.

#### ANALYSIS

##### Achievements and progress

 * The EBRD is placed in the ‘fair’ category for the first time, two places behind the EIB and graduating from ‘poor’ in the 2014 Index.
 * The EBRD publishes quarterly to the IATI Registry and has published six new indicators since the 2015 EU Aid Transparency Review including audit information, disbursements and expenditure and tied aid status.

##### Challenges and room for improvement

 * In total, twelve activity-level indicators and four organisation-level indicators are not published to the IATI Registry. This includes important information such as all activity-related documents and performance information.
 * The EBRD does not publish a complete organisation file in the IATI Standard and no budgets are published to the Registry.
 * Information on allocation policies, country strategies, objectives, tenders and budgets are published but not in the IATI Standard while at the activity-level sub-national locations, evaluations, contracts, results and impact appraisals are not consistently published. MOUs, budget documents and conditions are not published at all.

#### RECOMMENDATIONS

 * The EBRD should aim to publish to the IATI Registry on a monthly basis. It should publish a complete organisation file to the IATI Registry that includes a total budget, disaggregated budgets and country strategies.
 * The EBRD should improve the quality of its publication to the IATI Registry so that it is comprehensive and includes conditions in particular and makes results, evaluations and impact appraisals consistently available.
 * It should improve data accessibility by allowing for bulk export of the data on its portal under an open licence. It should work with other DFIs to share best practice and improve publication.
