2018/agencies/us-pepfar.md, before:

---
permalink: 2018/us-pepfar/index.html
slug: us-pepfar
title: US – President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR)
short_name: US, PEPFAR
---

The President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR) is the US government’s global initiative to combat HIV/AIDS, the largest commitment by any country to address a single disease. It is formally part of the Department of State and directly approves all activities relating to combating HIV/AIDS in priority countries. It ensures policy coordination amongst implementing agencies and departments. The Department of State, and therefore PEPFAR, became an IATI member in 2011. It first published to the IATI Registry in 2014. 

---

PEPFAR have progressed from the fair category into the good category, and sit exactly in the middle of US agency performance.

As with all US agencies, data is only published quarterly to the IATI registry.

All organisational planning indicators are in a comparable format and score highly. 

All project attributes are published to IATI and PEPFAR is doing well on the majority of them. However, the titles provided use many acronyms and internal language and the descriptions tend to be incomplete, leading to a decrease in points for these indicators. Sub-national location also scores low. 

US, PEPFAR does well on all joined-up development data indicators but the two procurement indicators, contracts and tenders. While tender information is published in IATI, the information is too general and not specific to individual activities. However, tenders are consistently published in other formats. Contracts are not published at all. 

US, PEPFAR’s performance for the finance and budgets component is mixed. While high scores are achieved for capital spend, project budget and project budget documents, disaggregated budgets as well as disbursements and expenditures receive moderate scores. The total organisation budget is published for one year ahead only. Commitments are not published in IATI and are only sometimes published in PDFs. This makes PEPFAR one of few organisations not to score on commitments. 

Within the good category, PEPFAR is one of two organisations to receive 0 points for the performance component. While reviews and evaluations as well as results are sometimes published on the organisation’s website, objectives and pre-project impact appraisals are not published at all


---

Recommendations go here.

---

Commit message:

Pull latest version of agency profiles

2018/agencies/us-pepfar.md, after:

---
permalink: 2018/us-pepfar/index.html
slug: us-pepfar
title: US – President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR)
short_name: US, PEPFAR
---

The President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR) is the US government’s global initiative to combat HIV/AIDS, the largest commitment by any country to address a single disease. It is formally part of the Department of State and directly approves all activities relating to combating HIV/AIDS in priority countries. It ensures policy coordination amongst implementing agencies and departments. The Department of State, and therefore PEPFAR, became an IATI member in 2011. It first published to the IATI Registry in 2014. 

---

US-PEPFAR is included in the good category.

As with all US agencies, data is only published quarterly to the IATI registry.

PEPFAR performs well on organisational planning indicators as all are published in a comparable format. 

All project attributes are published to IATI and PEPFAR is doing well on the majority of them. However, some of the basics are missing. The titles provided use many acronyms and the descriptions tend to be incomplete. Sub-national location is also one of the lowest scoring indicators. 

US-PEPFAR does well on all joined-up development data indicators but the two procurement indicators, contracts and tenders. Tenders are not published in IATI but can be found in other formats. Contracts are not published at all. 

US-PEPFAR’s performance for the finance and budgets component is mixed. While it does relatively well on  capital spend, project budget and project budget documents, less information is made available on disaggregated budgets as well as disbursements and expenditures . The total organisation budget is published for the current year only. Commitments are not published in IATI and are only sometimes published in PDFs. This makes PEPFAR one of few organisations not to score on commitments. 

Within the good category, PEPFAR is one of two organisations to receive 0 points for the performance component. While reviews and evaluations as well as results are sometimes published on the organisation’s website, objectives and pre-project impact appraisals are not published at all


---

Recommendations go here.

---
